---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 🏪 Multi Vendor Network

💡 You can separate your Storefront App to include multiple vendors in different categories. Invite your network to your Storefront, they can add their own products and service and make them available. 

### View Networks

All of the orders that are generated by your customers from your Storefront App will be available to view, accept or reject from the orders section.

### Create Networks

You can create new Network by clicking on the button on the top of the panel.

1. **Create Network** - You can create an order a few ways:
    1. **Network Name** - The name of the network 
    2. **Network Descriptions** - The description of the network 
    3. **Network Currency** - The currency of the network  
2. **Enter Details** - Once you have created the network you can start adding or inviting vendors. Click Manage Network.

1. General Network Settings
    1. **Name** - The name of the Network 
    2. **Description** - The description of the network 
    3. **Currency** - The currency of the network 
    4. **Contact & Social** - Add contact details and social media accounts to be shown on your storefront app. 
    5. **Logo & Backdrop** - Add in a logo and your backdrop for your network 
    6. **Alerts** - you can add users in your organisation to receive alerts for new orders that are placed on your Storefront App
    7. **Online** - Toggle if this network is online and available on your Storefront app
    8. **Enable Tax** - Toggle this to enable a tax percentage on this Networks orders
    9. **Auto Accept** - Toggle this to auto accept orders when placed by your customers on the Storefront App
    10. **Require Proof of Delivery** - Select whether proof of delivery is required on your Storefront orders. Select the type of POD using the drop down 
    11. **Enable Cash on Delivery** - Toggle for cash on delivery option for the orders in the Network 
    12. **Enable Order PickUp** - Toggle this for the option for your customers to collect orders from your Storefront locations. 
    13. **Enable Tips** - Toggle for allowing tips on orders
    14. **Enable Delivery Tips** - Toggle for allowing tips for drivers on orders
    15. **Enable Multi-cart Checkout** - Toggle this to allow customers to order products / services from multiple vendors
    16. **Enable User Reviews** - Enable your customers to leave reviews on the individual Storefronts. 
    17. **API Settings** 
        1. Generate your Network key for this Networks API 
    18. **Payment Gateway** 
        1. You can add your own payment gateway specifically for orders which are executed for this Network
    19. **Notification Channels** 
        1. Configure notification channels for your Storefront. Each notification channel additionally can have its own rules and options.
2. **Stores** - Create your Network categories, invite other store vendors to create their own storefronts and create your own stores to add to the network 

1. **Add Category** - Create categories for your Stores in the Network
2. **Invite Stores** - Invite 3rd party vendors to your network. They will have their own Storefront access where they can add their own products and services to their Storefront. This will be made available to your customers on your Storefront apps. 
3. **Add Stores** - Add your own Stores that you create directly to your network. 
3. **Orders** - View all of the orders that are created from  this specific network. 
4. **Customers** - View all of the customers that are created from this specific network.

# Related articles

**Did we miss something?**
Not to worry! Just email our support team at hello@fleetbase.io✌️

Documents are **groups of pages** connected through:

- a **sidebar**
- **previous/next navigation**
- **versioning**

## Create your first Doc

Create a Markdown file at `docs/hello.md`:

```md title="docs/hello.md"
# Hello

This is my **first Docusaurus document**!
```

<!-- A new document is now available at [http://localhost:3000/docs/hello](http://localhost:3000/docs/hello).

## Configure the Sidebar

Docusaurus automatically **creates a sidebar** from the `docs` folder.

Add metadata to customize the sidebar label and position:

```md title="docs/hello.md" {1-4}
---
sidebar_label: 'Hi!'
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Hello

This is my **first Docusaurus document**!
```

It is also possible to create your sidebar explicitly in `sidebars.js`:

```js title="sidebars.js"
module.exports = {
  tutorialSidebar: [
    'intro',
    // highlight-next-line
    'hello',
    {
      type: 'category',
      label: 'Tutorial',
      items: ['tutorial-basics/create-a-document'],
    },
  ],
};
``` -->
